# FONBEC Web
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](https://github.com/ignacioerrico/fonbec-web/blob/main/LICENSE.txt)

![Castellano](https://github.com/madebybowtie/FlagKit/raw/master/Assets/PNG/AR@2x.png?raw=true)

**Castellano**

[FONBEC](http://www.fonbec.org.ar/) es una fundación de Argentina que conecta
dos mundos: el de chicos que quieren estudiar (_becarios_) y el de personas que
los quieren ayudar (_padrinos_ y _madrinas_).

Uno de los [pilares de FONBEC](https://www.fonbec.org.ar/?page_id=12) es la
**carta**, que incentiva la relación entre padrino y ahijado.  De esta manera,
el ahijado no es un ser anónimo.

Hay fechas preestableciadas para el envío de una carta por parte de los
becarios, y un grupo de _voluntarios_ se encarga de leerlas (para detectar
necesidades o problemas que puedan existir) y de enviárselas al padrino o
madrina correspondiente.  Ese proceso se estuvo haciendo de manera manual, lo
que no solo demanda tiempo, sino que también es proclive a errores humanos
(cartas que no se envían, cartas que se envían a la persona incorrecta, etc.).

Uno de los objetivos de este proyecto es automatizar ese proceso para que cada
persona que interviene pueda enfocarse en su rol.

![English](https://github.com/madebybowtie/FlagKit/raw/master/Assets/PNG/US@2x.png?raw=true)

**English**

[FONBEC](http://www.fonbec.org.ar/) is a nonprofit organization based in
Argentina that connects students who want to continue their education but lack
the necessary resources (_grantees_) with individuals who want to support them
(_benefactors_).

One of the organization's core pillars is the **letter**, which fosters a
personal relationship between grantees and benefactors, ensuring that grantees
are not treated as "anonymous entities."

Throughout the year, there are designated dates for grantees to send letters to
their benefactors. A team of _volunteers_ reviews these letters to identify any
needs or concerns the students may have. We then forward the letters to the
appropriate benefactor. This process has been done manually, which not only
makes it time-consuming but also prone to errors (such as undelivered letters
or letters sent to the wrong recipient).

A key objective of this project is to automate this process, enabling everyone
involved to focus more effectively on their specific roles.